This Code Book contains a list of the variables in the output generated by run_analysis.R

The fie run_analysis.R contains R code that summarizes activity tracking data for 30 volunteers who performed 6 activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYINNG) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist.  For a general description of the code and the input files, see the README.md file, also located in the same Getting-and-Cleaning-Data github repository.

The output of run_analysis.R provides aggregated data by subject and activity of the mean and standard deviation of each signal.

Here is a list of variables included in the output file:

1.	subject2 -the subject codes assigned to each aggregated value

2.	activity2 -the activity name assigned to each aggregated value

3.	subject -the subject code derived from the unaggregated file

4.	activity number -the activity code corresponding to each activity name

5.	activty -the activity name derived from the unaggregated file.  Since the activity names are attribute data, all rows contain NA for this column

6 through 84.	Some of the following signals come from an accelometer and a gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ.  The prefix t denotes 'time'.  The acceleration signal was separated into body and gravity signals using a low pass Butterworth filter.  The body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain the Jerk signals.  Finally a Fast Fourier Transform was applied to some signals to produce the frequency domain signals (with the prefix f).  These signals are represented with a "mean" column and a "std" column, except for the -meanFreq() signals, for a total of 79 signals:

tBodyAcc-XYZ
tGravityAcc-XYZ
tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
tBodyGyro-XYZ
tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
tBodyAccMag
tGravityAccMag
tBodyAccJerkMag
tBodyGyroMag
tBodyGyroJerkMag
fBodyAcc-XYZ
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-XYZ
fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-XYZ
fBodyGyro-XYZ
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-XYZ
fBodyAccMag
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()
fBodyAccJerkMag
fBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()
fBodyGyroMag
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()
fBodyGyroJerkMag
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()
